# Step 3: Use JavaScript to change the page from an event

For this exercise, you'll add a bit of JavaScript to update the page based on a dynamic event (in this case, a button click).

**Add a button**

First, add a button to the page you can click to trigger an "event" in JavaScript. A basic button in HTML looks like this:

```
<button>Cheese me 🧀</button>
```

You can change the text inside the `<button>` tag to say anything you want.

**Add a JavaScript function**

Look for the `<script>` tag at the bottom of the page, this is where you'll add your JavaScript function.

We're going to create a function that looks for a specific element on the page with an ID of `the_cheese`, then adds a CSS class to that element.

Start by creating a `function` named `cheese` (you can change the name from "cheese" to anything, but you can't change the word `function`).

```
function cheese() {
    // Your code will go here
}
```

Once you've made your function, you can add code inside of the `{ ... }` brackets that will run every time you "call" the function.

Let's try adding some code that will:

1. Find an element on the page with the ID of `the_cheese`. [We'll use the `document.getElementById` method.](https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/met_document_getelementbyid.asp)
2. Add a class to that element called `make_it_cheese`. [We'll use the `classList.add` method.](https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/prop_element_classlist.asp)

If you string those methods together you'll get this line of code: `document.getElementById("the_cheese").classList.add("make_it_cheese");`

Putting it all together, you should have the following inside the `<script>` tag on the page:

```
function cheese() {
    document.getElementById("the_cheese").classList.add("make_it_cheese");
}
```

**Add an onclick event to your button**

Now you should have a button on the page, and a JavaScript function you want to run when you click the button. So, how does it all come together?

Go back up to the button you added before:

```
<button>Cheese me 🧀</button>
```

We're going to add an `onclick` attribute to the button, which will call our JavaScript function every time the button is clicked. [You can read more about how it works here](https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/event_onclick.asp).

Start by adding the attribute to the button like this:

```
<button onclick="">Cheese me 🧀</button>
```

Then, add the name of your JavaScript function followed by some `()` parens:

```
<button onclick="cheese()">Cheese me 🧀</button>
```

**Wrapping up**

Save your file, and refresh it in your browser. Click the button, and you should see the changes!
